HBW-376 Add tooltip message translation for string field (#665)
hydra-billing/homs: CHANGELOG.md

v2.8.0 [unreleased]
-------------------
### Breaking changes

> - [#665](https://github.com/hydra-billing/homs/pull/665) Add tooltip message translation for string field

Reviewer: a dot at the end, please

- [#666](https://github.com/hydra-billing/homs/pull/666) Add translation for file upload field.

- BP localization config structure was changed:

  before:
   ```
   stringField: Field label

>    fileUploadField: Field label

Reviewer: looks like you changed these two field types only, but it's not true

v2.8.0 [unreleased]
-------------------
### Breaking changes
- [#665](https://github.com/hydra-billing/homs/pull/665) Add tooltip message translation for string field.
- [#666](https://github.com/hydra-billing/homs/pull/666) Add translation for file upload field.

> - BP localization config structure was changed. Now input labels for the next field types should be placed in key "Label": Checkbox, Datetime, FileList, FileUpload, Select, SelectTable, String, SubmitButton and Text.
>   String filed had additional key "message" for tooltip message, file_upload has input_text and browse_link_text keys.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- BP localization config structure was changed. Now input labels for the next field types should be placed in key "label": `checkbox`, `datetime`, `file_list`, `file_upload`, `select`, `select_table`, `string`, `submit_button` and `text`.
  `string` field has additional key "message" for tooltip message, `file_upload` has `input_text` and `browse_link_text` keys.
```
